Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[suspenseful music]
[Boy 1]
[nervously] Is this it?
[Boy 2]
Yeah. See?
It has to be. C'mon.
Are you coming?
[Boy 1]
I'm thinking.
[Boy 2]
Now's not the time.
[Boy 1]
It's very creepy in there.
Are you sure it's in there?
[Boy 2]
Positive. Let's go.
[Boy 1]
But, but what about...
[Boy 2]
Shhh!
[door creaking]
Come on.
[camera flash]
[Both]
WHAAAAHH!
[ominous music]
[suspenseful music]
[device beeping]
[gas hissing]
[explosion]
[alarm wailing]
[screeching tires]
[Police Chief]
"Kind regards..."
...to Whitby's finest.
Your partner in crime prevention,
"Annabelle."
[Burt] [distant voice echoing]
Annabelle... Annabelle...
Come in, Annabelle...
[Annabelle] Dad, sorry, could you not?
I was in the middle of
writing a scene. Smoke. Fire.
Explosions. The whole deal.
[Burt]
Oh, yeah?
[Annabelle]
Yeah.
[Burt] How's the story
coming along, anyway?
[Annabelle] Not great.
I'm just not inspired.
[Burt] Inspiration will come.
And you'll have plenty of time
to write when you get to the
island. You know everybody's
got a story they want to tell or
some mystery they want solved.
But you can't rush inspiration.
[Annabelle]
I know, I know.
[Meredith] I cannot wait to see Gayle.
What's it been now.
It's been 15 years, probably?
I mean, Maddi was an infant,
Jake almost two?
I'm really glad that we're
gonna all be here together.
Aren't you, Annabelle?
[Annabelle]
Mmmhmm.
[Burt] You're gonna love this house,
AnnaBug. It's a big old house,
it's 200 years old. It's got a
widow's walk and everything.
[Annabelle]
Cool.
[Meredith] I bet it has an interesting
history. Inspirational, perhaps?
[Burt]
Hey, where you going?
[Annabelle] Well, I might not be able
to rush inspiration, but nothing
can stop me from looking for it.
[Burt] That's actually the
definition of rushing it.
[Meredith laughing]
Her mind never stops.
[Meredith]
Just like her Daddy's.
[orchestra playing]
[Annabelle V.O.] My fingers
have always itched to write.
But inspiration is my nemesis.
It can be hard to find, no
matter how hard I look for it.
The perfect inspiration
for a future character!
He looks out of place, yet
somehow completely comfortable.
[picture click]
This Old Salt is oblivious
that one day he might become
a character brought to life
in a bestselling novel,
written by the greatest mystery
writer nobody's ever heard of.
At least not yet, anyway.
[Old Salt]
BOO!
[upbeat music]
[Meredith]
Wow, would you look at that.
[Burt]
How is that for inspiration?
[Annabelle]
Not bad at all.
[mysterious music]
[Meredith]
Annabelle, are you coming?
[Annabelle] Uhm. Yeah.
Just gimme one second.
[Annabelle V.O.] It's your imagination,
Annabelle. Writer's adrenaline,
that's all.
Rule number one: Never ignore
the silent call of intrigue.
[picture click]
What's your story?
[picture clicks]
Talk to me.
[sharp inhale]
This looks like a kid's handwriting.
[Meredith] Annabelle, you're room
is at the top of the stairs!
[Annabelle V.O.] Okay, you've been here
less than five minutes, Annabelle,
and you are freaking yourself out.
See, nothing to worry about.
Nice and bright.
Not scary at all, just a little dark.
Okay, fine, it's maybe a little scary...
Get real, Annabelle, you're
a wannabe mystery writer.
[door creaking]
It's clean.
Nice desk to write at.
Plenty of space to let my mind run wild.
And inspiration?
It will find me.
[Annabelle]
Hey.
[Both]
Hey!
[Burt] Hey, what do you think?
Do you call this...
[Annabelle]
Inspiration? Absolutely.
[Burt] So what've you
got there, AnnaBug?
[Annabelle] Oh, uhm, just
something I found downstairs.
[Meredith]
Anything good?
[Annabelle]
I'm not sure yet.
[Meredith] Hey, you know what I saw
out back? An old bike,
so you'll have a way to
get around the island.
[Annabelle] A bike? You
want me to ride a bike?
She wants me to ride a bike?
[Burt]
When in Nantucket...
[Meredith] Yeah, just throw on one of
those cute little helmets and it will
get you all over town.
[Annabelle]
A helmet, too?
[Meredith] Just consider it
part of the Nantucket charm.
[Annabelle]
Awesome.
[creaking]
[mysterious music]
Hmm.
[clearing throat]
[sighs]
C'mon inspiration, where you at?
[Annabelle V.O.]
Let's see what you got for me.
[violin music]
"Looked around the Whaling Museum
today... I felt like the...
...key should be here, not even
sure where I should look."
"What does it even look like?
Is this the key?"
What does that mean?
[Annabelle] I mean that whale skeleton
was ginormous. Only a baby and
46 feet long? I mean that's
crazy, right! Oh, and how about
those sailors that sang for a
year to keep from going insane
when they were lost at sea.
Now there's a story.
What?
[Burt] Nothing, nothing. I'm
just glad you're not too old to
hang out with your old man.
I was afraid you'd get bored.
[Annabelle] Dad, stop it.
You're my sidekick. I could
never get bored with you.
[Meredith] There you are! Come on.
Let's leave Annabelle on her own
to explore the island
a little bit. Come on.
[Annabelle]
Bye guys.
[Burt]
Go have some fun.
[Annabelle]
Hmmm.
[upbeat music]
[Jake]
It was a zoning violation.
[Maddi] Your life's a
zoning violation! AHH!
AHH! That is it!
Ughhhh...
[Maddi] Hand me that synthetic
polymer lathe, would you?
[Annabelle] That? Uhm, some people
would just call it a shovel, but...
[Maddi]
Thanks.
[Annabelle]
So, what happened?
[Maddi] It was the Sankaty Lighthouse,
located at 41.2844 degrees north
latitude and 69.966 degrees,
west longitude, and 70 feet
or 21.34 meters in height. My
version was precisely one fifth
in scale, standing at a height
14 feet or 4.29 meters.
I have a photographic memory.
[Annabelle]
Wow.
Wait, are you Maddi?
[Maddi]
Yeah.
[Annabelle] So, that must mean
that was just your brother Jake.
[Maddi]
Yes, how'd you know?
[Annabelle] My Mom was talking about...
[Jake]
Let's go! We're late.
[Maddi] We're always late!
See you around!
[Annabelle]
Yeah, I hope so.
[whirring]
[Annabelle V.O.] It's looking like
Nantucket can be the perfect setting
for a mystery.
[mysterious music]
[Female Voice]
[whisper] Annabelle...
[ominous music]
[Annabelle]
Hello?
[mumbling] You're freaking
yourself out, as usual.
[loud shriek]
[mumbling] It's just in your
head, it's just in your head...
Ohhh!
[Female Voice]
[whisper] Annabelle...
[sharp inhale]
[Annabelle V.O.] If Dad's playing a
joke on me, it's only mildly funny.
[Annabelle]
[screaming] Whaaa!
Mom!
[Meredith] Annabelle! What in
the world, what are you doing?
[Annabelle] I'm freaking myself
out, that's what's going on.
[Meredith] Well you're freaking me out.
I found your phone on the ground.
You okay?
[Annabelle]
Do I look okay?
[Meredith]
Well... not really...
[Annabelle] Don't answer that,
just go back to bed, okay?
[Meredith]
You go to bed, too.
[Annabelle]
Wait why are you in jeans?
[Meredith] I can't sleep. All right?
I'm baking. Yes... Muffins.
[Annabelle] You're baking?
What kind of muffins?
[Meredith]
Muffins, your favorite.
[sighing]
[mysterious music]
[birds chirping]
[Burt]
There you go.
[Meredith] Ah, thank you. I don't
know why we haven't come here
since our honeymoon.
What were we thinking?
[Burt]
We obviously weren't.
[Meredith] What do you think was
going on with Annabelle last night?
[Annabelle]
Look, I know I saw something.
[Meredith] You know that stress
can bring on crazy things and
everything that's going on.
[Annabelle] Mom, I'm not
stressed, I don't...
[Meredith]
Honey.
[Annabelle] It's a habit.
Look, I know that there's
a story here. I just don't
know where to start.
[Burt] You know the old woman who
owns this house, said that nobody had
lived in it for years.
And there's a story behind
everything on this island. Even
this house could have a story
behind it. Sometimes the
history... is the mystery.
[Annabelle]
The history is the mystery?
[Burt]
You should start here.
[piano music]
[picture click]
[Maddi] The ten classes are each
divided into ten divisions, and each
division into ten sections,
giving ten main classes
100 divisions and
1000 possible sections....
You know there are one million
possible classifications
available, but they can't spare
a single one for graphic novels
in the time honored
tradition of Japanese Manga!
[Annabelle]
Excuse me. Sorry.
[Maddi] You're the girl
from the beach, the one who
somehow knew my name.
[Annabelle] Yeah. Our parents are
friends. They told me that your family
was also visiting the island,
and that you were some
math whiz. I took a
chance and you were you
and I was right, thank gosh.
[Maddi]
So, you're Annabelle?
[Annabelle]
I am.
[Maddi] My parents told
me you'd be here, too.
[Annabelle] Well, now that we've
been officially introduced,
I need your help.
So let me get this straight.
You actually think that
I might've seen something?
[Maddi] Well, you could have seen
an apparition, or simply had
a false awakening.
[Annabelle] Okay. I don't know what
either of those mean, but you're smart,
so I'm listening.
[Maddi] So, you really think you're
going to go back to the house
of yours? It sounds unstable.
[Annabelle]
It could be worse.
[Maddi]
Truth.
Okay, well... I think we've got
all the information we can out
of these books.
[Annabelle]
They were absolutely no help.
[Maddi]
I have an idea.
[Annabelle] Wait. The tour starts
at the cemetery. I think there's a
picture of it in this book.
Prospect Hill Cemetery.
Let's meet there at sundown.
Maybe we'll get some answers.
[mysterious music]
[Jake] Remind me again why I'm
being forced to participate
in this witch hunt.
[Maddi]
Ghost investigation.
[Jake]
Same thing.
[Maddi] No, not even close. And
you're here to keep us safe.
[Jake] We're in Nantucket. What
do you think's gonna happen?
[Annabelle]
Hi, I'm Annabelle.
[Jake]
Guess I'm here to keep you safe.
[Annabelle]
Excuse me?
[Maddi]
Don't worry, he's harmless.
[Annabelle]
Oh, okay.
[Jake]
Nice ride.
[Silas] All right everybody.
Settle down.
Now, as you know, my reputation
proceeds me. I am in fact...
The Silas Grimm...
And this is the one and only
Silas Grimm Authentic Ghost Walk Tour...
You may applaud.
[applause]
...and I have seen and heard it
all, people. And just barely
lived to tell the tales. Take a
look around, my dears.
The history of Nantucket and
all of its ghosts are here.
Okay, come follow me. Off we
go into the spirit world.
[Jake]
What are we even doing here?
[Silas] Now listen closely to this
next tale... Under the full moon,
the Ontario crashed and ran
aground on the near by...
Rose and Crown shoal. Many of
its crew went missing.
Months passed... then a year,
and more. Every day she waited,
through sun and storm,
for 15 long years.
Then, poof. Gone.
Some say death due to
heartbreak. But in truth,
it was a mystery.
Our next stop will include
two houses, with their own
unique tales. Now follow me.
[Maddi] Is this guy even for real?
He's more weird than creepy
or ghostly. I can't
even take him seriously.
[Jake] I don't know how you even
took him seriously in the first
place. I mean, there's no
such thing as ghosts.
Jeepers, Daphne, we'll get to
the bottom of this in no time.
[Maddi]
Hey. We might get some answers.
[Silas] Now, here we have
the Jared Coffin House,
who built the house in
honor of his beloved wife.
Next to the Coffin House is the
home Asa Austin Upton built in
honor of his wife, Ophelia,
who went insane and died from
drowning in Hummock Pond after
she thought she'd been turned
into a bottle-nose porpoise.
[Billy] The Coffin House
was a wedding present...
...and her name was Sarah.
[Annabelle]
How do you know that?
[Billy] Everybody who
lives here knows that.
[Silas] Excuse me? Do you think we
might go on with the tour before
people start coming back to life?
Down here to the right you'll
see where Colonel Wilkinson
built the world's first and only
mud-free pig pen... Come along,
come along. So little time, so
many ghosts! Keep moving!
My Goodness.... Put a
load on it, won't you!
[ominous music]
So this, Ladies and
Gentlemen, is the only classroom
that survived the Great
Nantucket Fire of 1846.
[applause]
Thank you. And now, we must
take our leave, for the...
Ghosts of Nantucket will soon appear.
[Tweed] Mr. Grimm, a word if
we may, or rather, an inquiry.
Isn't that right, Mr. Argyle?
[Argyle]
Quite right, Mr. Tweed.
[Silas]
Ah, what now?
[Tweed] A point of curiosity
concerning a bit of local spirit lore.
[Argyle] A curiosity concerning
the sad and terrible tale of...
The Widow in White, who
haunts Innishail House.
Oh, scary.
[Silas] That information was just
recently shared at the start of
our journey this evening.
[Argyle] Just recently shared, you say?
Why, Mr. Tweed, I believe
we missed the tale.
[Tweed] We did indeed miss the tale, Mr.
Argyle. Perhaps Mr. Silas
will repeat the sad saga
of The Widow In White.
[Silas] Oh, dear. Look at the time.
It honestly prevents me from giving
you a proper good night,
but I will bid you adieu...
[Annabelle]
The Widow In White?
[Maddi] Has to be. It's a
collective apparition.
[Annabelle]
A what?
[Maddi] More than one person has
seen the same ghost. It's more
confirmation that there's
definitely paranormal activity
going on in that
vacation house of yours.
[Jake] Not just the vacation house.
I mean if you believe Silas,
they're all over the island.
[Annabelle] Silas has to know about
The Widow In White. I mean, did you
just see his face? And then
he said he'd mentioned her.
[Jake] He said a lot of stuff.
Who could keep up?
[Annabelle] We have to get to
him when he's not on the tour.
Find out what he really knows.
[Jake] Those guys were seriously weird.
I mean who even talks like that?
Or dresses like that.
[Billy]
I think I can help.
[Jake] I'm sorry. Who are you?
Why are you here?
[Billy] My name is Billy, and I think
I know where we can find Silas.
[phone ringing]
[Jake]
Is it Mom?
[Maddi] Yeah. We gotta go. Can we
meet back here in the morning and
maybe figure something out.
[Annabelle] Yeah. For sure.
Thanks for coming. Bye, you guys.
[Jake]
See ya.
[Annabelle]
Oh bye, Jake.
[Billy] Can I walk you
back to your bike?
[Annabelle] No, no. You
don't have to do that.
[Billy]
But, I'd like to.
[Annabelle]
Ahem... [clears throat]
So you told me you're from here?
How long have you lived here?
[Billy] Since the day I was born.
I've never been beyond the
waters around the island.
[Annabelle]
Have you ever wanted to?
[Billy]
What do you mean?
[Annabelle] I don't know. Try something
new? Get a change of scenery?
Maybe go on an adventure?
[Billy] There's plenty of
adventure here, trust me.
But yeah, I'd like to be
able to leave one day.
[Annabelle]
Where would you go?
[Billy]
Anywhere.
[Annabelle] Well, thanks for
making sure I got back safely.
Hey, I guess it's a good thing
that you didn't actually have
to protect me from anything.
Not that you couldn't because
you could... [nervously]
if you needed to.
[Billy] If I needed to, I
can do just about anything.
Even protect you.
[Annabelle]
Hmmmm.
[Billy] I don't have a bike here,
otherwise I'd make sure you got
home the rest of the way.
[Annabelle] It's okay. I'm
sure nothing will get me.
[Billy]
I wouldn't be too sure.
Just kidding.
[Annabelle] That wasn't funny.
[giggling] I guess I should go.
[Billy]
Have a good night, Annabelle.
[Annabelle]
Yeah, you too.
Wait! Will I see you
in the morning?
This is it.
[Jake] So the plan is just to show
up at this guy's house and try to
get information out of him?
[Maddi]
Yes.
[Jake]
Yeah, that'll totally work.
[Annabelle]
The door's over here.
[Silas]
Go away! We don't want any!
[Annabelle]
Good, 'cause we don't have any!
Don't worry. We're harmless.
Wait, wait! Look, it's either
you help us, or those two guys
who showed up last night.
[Silas]
All right. All right.
[mysterious music]
All right, you little weasels.
Pretty much everything in here
is priceless, so don't touch anything.
[Annabelle]
Priceless?
[Jake]
It's a heap of junk.
[Maddi] I would say that nothing
here looks like it would be valued
at being worth more than a few dollars.
[Silas]
Oh, really? Is this junk?
Just a little souvenir, I
wrestled from the jaws of an
extinct albino gorilla shark.
[Maddi] The very fact that something
is extinct, would mean that you
wouldn't be able to wrestle
with it. You know, due to
it being nonexistent.
[Silas] It wasn't extinct
until I got done with it.
[Annabelle] What do you know
about The Widow In White.
[Silas] I have a little policy.
I don't get involved with
the ghosts, and they don't
get involved with me.
[Annabelle] So basically,
you're afraid to tell us.
[Silas] Pretty much. Plus... I don't
like to leave things to chance.
Though in your case,
I might make an exception.
[Billy]
What kind of exception?
[Silas] All you've gotta do is find
the Red Queen. What do you say?
[Jake]
I don't want any part of this.
[Silas] You win, I share
what I know. Deal?
[Annabelle]
Deal.
[Silas] Your move, gumshoe.
Where's the Red Queen?
[Annabelle]
She is right...
...here!
[Silas]
Fine! A deal's a deal.
So here's what I know:
Zero, zilch, nada.
[Annabelle]
What!?
[Silas] But, I do know somebody
who does know or two somebodies.
And that ain't half bad. Tata!
[Annabelle]
Next stop: Beadle's Shop.
[Maddi] How did you know
where the Red Queen was?
[Annabelle] I didn't. But whenever
Silas said the Red Queen, he didn't
look at the cards. He glanced
at his pocket instead.
[Jake] You're kinda scary
sometimes, you know that?
[Billy]
She's brilliant.
But if you think that's scary
wait till you see a ghost.
[Jake] [mocking Billy] Wait
till you've seen a ghost.
[Annabelle] This is it. The Beadle's
are psychic mediums. Maybe they'll
have some information we
can use, like Silas said,
so we should just go
straight in and ask them...
[Billy] Uhm, you guys go on without me.
I'll catch up later.
[Annabelle]
Wait, Billy. Where are you...
[Jake]
Nice knowin' ya!
[Maddi]
You're so obvious.
[phone ringing]
Oh no!
[Annabelle]
What's the matter?
[Maddi] Text from Mom. We gotta go.
It's our Nana's 80th birthday party.
[Annabelle]
No it's fine.
[Maddi]
Come on.
[Jake]
Uhmm, catch ya... later?
[Annabelle]
[chuckles] Bye, Jake.
[sighing] Okay, yeah.
[door creaking]
[door bangs shut]
[mysterious music]
[Phoebe] [distant] Flower of this
purple dye, hit with Cupid's archery.
Sink in apple of his eye
when his love he doth espy.
Let her shine as gloriously
as the Venus of the sky.
When thou wakest, if she be by,
beg of her for remedy.
Captain of our fairy band,
Helena is here at hand...
[Annabelle]
Hello?
[Phoebe]
Oh!
[Prentice]
Phoebe!
[Phoebe]
Mother!
[Prentice]
She's here!
[Phoebe]
Who's here?
[Prentice]
Young lady...
[whispering] ...from
the Innishail House!
[Phoebe] Ohhh! Well why
didn't you say so?
[Prentice]
Hello my dear!
[Phoebe]
So glad you could make it.
[Prentice]
You're so pretty! Come sit.
[Annabelle]
Oh, you were expecting me?
[Prentice] Oh, well, we
knew you were coming.
They're just a little hazy on the names.
[Annabelle]
They? [Akward pause] Hi...
[Prentice]
What was your name again?
[Annabelle] Uhmm, Annabelle.
Annabelle Hooper.
I came because I had a quest...
[Prentice]
Lillian!
[Annabelle]
No, no, no, Annabelle.
[Phoebe] [giggling] That is exactly
what Lillian said she would say.
[Annabelle]
I don't know who Lillian is.
[Prentice]
Lillian. Lillian Swann?
Oh, who married and became
Lillian Caulfield.
[Phoebe]
The Widow In White?
You mean to say, you've never
heard the sad and terrible tale
of The Widow In White...
[Prentice]
who haunts Innishail House?
[Annabelle] Only until recently...
I just wasn't aware of her name.
[Prentice] Some say that she
died of a broken heart...
[Phoebe]
But in truth, it's a mystery.
[Prentice] To this very day, there
are those who have seen her at
night between the waxing
gibbous and full moon, still in
her wedding dress, roaming the
grounds of Innishail House...
[Annabelle] You said
that you spoke to her...
[Phoebe] Spoke? Oh no, never spoke.
Certainly not...
[Annabelle]
Okay, but then how would you...
[Prentice]
We read the signs, my dear.
[Phoebe]
We read the signs.
[Prentice] [whispering] The
Ghosts of Nantucket have ways
of their own.
[Phoebe] And they never are
quite what you expect.
[cuckoo clock strikes]
[Prentice] [alarmed] Oh, dear Phoebe!
Is that the time? It is the time!
We're going to be late for
rehearsal! Thank you for
stopping by. You'll have to
come back when we have more...
[Phoebe]
time!
[Annabelle]
I have one more question...
What just happened?
[mysterious music]
[Billy]
Hey.
[Annabelle]
Hi! Oh. Thanks.
So, where did you go?
[Billy] I followed those two men,
Argyle and Tweed. They were talking
about some guy called, "The Curator."
[Annabelle]
The Curator?
[Billy] Yeah. He has them looking for
something that used to belong to...
Captain Caulfield. Something
called, "The Eye of the Storm."
[Annabelle]
The Eye of the Storm?
Wait, there's a note
about that in this book.
[Billy] From what I could tell,
it's hidden on the island somewhere
and it's worth a lot of money.
[Annabelle]
Well, what is it?
[Billy] They didn't say actually and
they didn't hang around for very
long either. After they bought a
piece of parchment with
something scrawled on it, they
went straight to the Athenaeum
and looked at pretty much
everything except the books.
[Annabelle] That parchment paper! It
has to be a clue! We have to get it!
[Billy]
I guess so. Yeah!
[Annabelle] Uhmm. I just remembered, I
can't tonight. I promised my family
I'd hang out with them. Can we
please meet back here tomorrow?
[Billy] Of course. I'll
look forward to it.
[Annabelle]
[whispers] Lillian?
[mysterious music]
[Burt]
Boo! [Laughing]
[Annabelle] So. Not. Funny!
[laughing] Why? Not cool.
[Burt] I totally got you.
I totally got you.
[picture click]
[Annabelle] Hey. All right you guys,
so, I did some thinking last night
and here's what I came up with...
[Tweed] Mr. Argyle, I do believe
our ship is about to come in,
as they say.
[Argyle] I dare say you are
right about that, Mr. Tweed.
[Tweed] And now, a most exquisite
supposition, if I may.
[Argyle] By all means, Mr.
Tweed. By all means.
[Tweed] What if what our employer
says is true, and the magic contained
in The Eye of Storm could
take us to Fiddler's Green,
just where that lamentable
Captain Caulfield landed
all those years ago? Hmm?
[both giggling]
[Argyle] I can only conjecture, Mr.
Tweed, that such a
development would solely resolve
in our gaining possession of
treasures quite beyond the
powers of the imagination!
[Tweed] What do you suppose our
employer intends to do with
the blasted thing?
[Argyle]
Ours is not to wonder why...
[Tweed] At the very least, we'll
be in possession of this...
...little island.
[Argyle]
Oh, yes, at the very least.
[Tweed] I was thinking a safari range.
This continent lacks adventure.
[Jake] Hey, ah, mister!
Help save the whales?
[Tweed] Young man, have you
taken leave of your senses?
[Jake] You can feed a whale
with just a few pennies a day!
[Tweed]
Feed a... certainly not!
[Jake]
How about five bucks, then?
[Argyle and Tweed]
The nerve!
[Annabelle]
Ugh! The nerve!
Really you guys, no need to
worry about saving the whales...
Look at them, they're huge! What
you need to worry about saving
are the manatees!
[Jake] The manatees? You're joking!
They're the cows of the sea!
[Annabelle]
Who are you calling a cow?
[Billy] Ignore them both!
What you really need to save
are the seals.
[Annabelle and Jake]
The seals?
[Billy] Well yeah, they're the
puppies, the puppies of the sea.
The puppies...
[Argyle]
Ohhh!
[Tweed]
Egad!
[Annabelle]
Go, go!
Excuse me! Pardon me!
[uptempo chase music]
[Jake] Wait, so this is
where you're staying?
[Annabelle]
Yeah.
[Jake] I was expecting something
ultra creepy. Not this.
[Maddi] I don't care how nice it is.
I would never stay here.
[Jake]
I would.
[Maddi] This coming from the guy, who
still sleeps with a night light.
[Jake] It's a lava lamp.
There's a big difference.
[Annabelle]
Hey, are you coming?
[Billy]
Yeah. Yeah, I'm coming.
[Annabelle]
Do you have it?
Thanks. Okay...
[Jake]
Well? What does it say?
[Annabelle] Thy father was a sailor
man who left what he held dear...
He left his home, he left
his love, just as the storm
drew near. He left his heart
high up above, then crowned
a rose below. Find them
'fore the full moon fades
to reveal what they bestow.
[Jake]
And what does any of that mean?
[Maddi]
A full moon?
[Annabelle] It sounds like we need to
figure this out before the end of the
full moon. Which means we need
to find The Eye of the Storm,
and fast.
[Jake] Or else Nantucket becomes
a giant safari, which would
actually be kinda cool. It would!
[Annabelle] We need more clues, right?
Okay. There's gotta be something
else in here.
See, this book has been full
of clues the whole time.
There's got to be something
in that bookcase.
Hear, look at this.
[Jake] Technically this is still our
vacation, so I'm not really sure
if I wanna be doing th...
[loud thud]
I did not do that!
[Annabelle]
Yes you did.
[Annabelle and Maddi]
Secret bookcase!
[Jake]
[mumbling] Secret boo... Okay.
[Annabelle]
Okay, here. Help me pull it out.
[mysterious music]
It's Captain Caulfield and Lillian.
What are you hiding in there?
[piano music]
They looked so happy.
[Maddi]
Yeah.
[Billy]
They were.
[Annabelle]
What?
[Billy] Legend is that they were
so in love, they couldn't wait to
be married, even though
Captain Caulfield was set to
leave the island on a
whaling expedition.
They were married one
morning in front of only a
few friends and family.
Back then, after a wedding,
the groom ascended the church
stairs and rung the bell with
five quick tolls to announce to
the entire island that a
wedding had just occurred.
But as they say, "The sea waits
for no man", and the very next
day, Captain Caulfield and
Lillian Swann had to say their
goodbyes. Just before he left,
Lillian placed half a locket
around his neck as she said:
'That you may return to me.
To the end of the world and back.'
[piano music]
[thunder strikes]
That night, disaster struck,
many of the crew of The Ontario
became a part of what's known as
the graveyard of the Atlantic.
But Arthur, Arthur somehow
landed at Fiddler's Green;
A Sailor's paradise.
Back at home, Lillian refused to
believe that Arthur had died.
Every night for 15 years, she
stood at the top of the house
and watched for his return.
Then one day, she disappeared.
Some say she died of a broken
heart. Legend says Arthur
captured some of the power of
Fiddler's Green in the locket
and used it to find his way
home. But of course,
when Arthur finally arrived,
Lillian was gone.
He was devastated.
But he believed that if he left
the power of Fiddler's Green
behind, Lillian and their child
would somehow find their way
back to him. So he hid the
necklace she gave him in a
cupboard and locked it away with
a key. Then, Arthur ascended the
stairs at the church and slowly
rang the bell ten times so the
entire island would know he
had suffered a loss.
While up there, it's said he
carved a heart with their
initials in the windowsill.
He boarded a ship bound for
Tahiti, in hopes that he would
again find Fiddler's Green...
but he made sure to leave a
note and a key behind...
He promised to wait for them on
the shores of Fiddler's Green.
Forever.
[Annabelle]
That's so beautiful.
[Maddi]
Heartbreaking.
You okay, big brother?
[Jake] [sniffling] Yeah, yeah.
It's just something in my eye.
Like an... eyelash.
[Annabelle] Okay, uhm. It's too dark
to look for any more clues right?
So we should meet back here in
the morning and we can regroup.
[Jake]
Where do we even start?
[Annabelle]
Here.
Okay, so, we've got to get the
key to the cupboard before the
full moon. Based on the legend,
we should be able to find our
next clue at the top of the steeple.
That's where the heart should be.
[Jake]
Guys...
[Annabelle]
Jake what's the matter?
[Jake] I'm not going up there. No.
It's just... I'm not. Okay?
[Maddi]
He's got acrophobia.
[Annabelle]
He's got what?
[Maddi]
He's afraid of heights.
[Jake]
Shhh!
[Annabelle] Shhh, both of you! Jake,
please get your thumb outta your mouth.
Let's go. Seriously.
It's up here.
[Jake] I wanted to go to scuba diving,
but no, we just had to come to...
Nantucket for Nana's birthday
party. Look where that got me.
[Annabelle] Okay, the heart has
to be in here somewhere, so just
split up and look around.
Hey, you okay?
[Jake]
Yeah, yeah. I'm enjoying it.
[Annabelle] There's a bunch
of carvings over here.
Hey! That boat looks just
like The Ontario!
[Billy] It is. It was brought back
and repaired after the crash.
[Annabelle]
There's a heart.
[Maddi]
That has to be it! AC+LS.
[Annabelle]
Arthur Caulfield...
[Billy]
and Lillian Swann.
[Annabelle]
Yes!
[Jake]
What does that mean?
[Annabelle]
I don't know.
What am I missing here?
[Annabelle]
Wait. They line up.
[Maddi] The tip is going
in that direction, like
an arrow towards the...
[Billy]
The Lighthouse at Sankaty Head.
[Annabelle]
"Find them 'fore darkness...
[Billy] "To reveal what...
what they bestow."
[Annabelle] That's it! We have to
get to the lighthouse before dark
to find our next clue.
[Jake] Okay. So we're good here?
We're good?
All right, I'm going.
[Annabelle]
Yes. Move!
[Tweed] Hello my dearies!
Top notch work, I must say.
Although, I must admit it
was a bit of an oversight,
not destroying the clue when
we had the chance, BUT
we'll be certain not to leave
any loose ends from now on.
[Argyle] Stop fiddling with that glove!
Give me that!
[indistinct arguing]
[loud clunk]
Ahhh! Oh! [Pained grumbling]
[Annabelle]
Are they behind us?
[Jake]
No!
[Annabelle]
Go, go, go.
[bell chiming]
[Argyle]
This is all your fault!
[dramatic chase music]
[tires screeching]
[Annabelle] Okay, let's
see what else is in here.
Wait, the rest of the pages are
blank. This must have been as
far as the writer got.
[Maddi] Let's hope this is as far
as Tweed and Argyle get, too.
[Annabelle] We've got to get to
that lighthouse. Let's move.
Okay. Jake, Billy,
you guys look over here.
Maddi, where should we look?
[Maddi] Rose bushes maybe?
The clue mentioned a rose.
[Jake] There's no rose bushes here.
Just a bunch of grass and sand.
[Annabelle] Look. Argyle and Tweed
heard us say where the next clue is.
They could be here any second.
We have to go fast.
[Jake] Look, there's nothing here
all right? We must've got the
clue wrong. The heart could've
been pointing anywhere.
[Billy] I'm not even sure
what we're looking for.
[Jake]
Exactly.
[Annabelle]
We'll know it when we see it.
[Jake]
It's just not my day.
Hey, what's this?
Guys? I think I might
have found something.
[Annabelle]
What is it?
[Maddi] They're carvings,
I think they're places
around the island.
[Jake]
Looks like a compass!
[Annabelle]
The Rose and Crown Shoal!
[Jake]
What's a shoal?
[Billy] It's the shallow part of
the ocean. It makes the waters
around here too dangerous to travel in.
[Jake]
Where are you going?
[Annabelle] To find out where
the arrow is taking us.
[Jake] Oh. All right.
Have fun with that!
[Annabelle]
There's nothing out here.
Think, Annabelle, think.
[Silas V.O.] Under the full moon The
Ontario crashed and ran aground
on the nearby Rose and Crown shoal.
[Annabelle] The Rose and Crown is the
shoal The Ontario ran aground on!
That's it.
The next clue must be on The Ontario!
It's The Ontario!
There's a guard, get down!
[Maddi] He's leaving.
There's our chance.
[whispering] Don't let
the guard see us. Come on!
Over here, stay low.
[Billy]
Guys, I found another heart.
[Maddi]
What?
[Billy]
I found a heart.
[Annabelle]
That's it!
[Jake]
What is it?
[Annabelle] It's some sort
old combination lock.
[Maddi]
How can we work the combination?
[Annabelle] It looks pretty simple
actually. We just have to turn each disk
until the right combination
lines up with the heart.
[Maddi] Five disks with five numbers
with a five digit combination
has 100,000 possible solutions.
We have to narrow it down.
[Annabelle] Try to think of
numbers that Captain Caulfield
might have used.
[Jake]
90210?
[Annabelle] Wait. 1824. It's on
the front of the Innishail House,
it was the year it was built.
[Maddi] That's only four digits.
Here, you take photos of everything.
[Jake]
8675309?
[Maddi] There has to be
something here that can help.
[Maddi]
14650.
That's the distance from here to
Tahiti. Captain Caulfield left
here to travel there.
[Jake] 1492 Columbus
sailed the ocean blue?
[Annabelle] Okay, wait. I got it.
Let's try. Okay? What is it again?
[Maddi]
14,650.
[Annabelle]
That's not it. Keep thinking.
[Jake]
I got nuthin'.
[Maddi] What numbers could possibly...
Wait...
The lighthouse I built out of
sand, the one Jake destroyed...
[Jake]
Some would say improved.
[Maddi] If Nantucket is 41 degrees
North and 75 degrees West,
and Tahiti is 14650 miles
to the southwest,
allowing for approximately
60 miles for every degree...
[Jake] You know, there's a
calculator on the phone you can use.
[Maddi]
Shush!
[Annabelle]
Let her think.
[Maddi] That would place Tahiti at
17 degrees South, 149 degrees West.
[Annabelle]
Are you sure?
[Maddi] Yes, I mean it's between
17 and 18 degrees South
but it's closer to 17.
[Annabelle] Okay, so then
the numbers are 17149?
[Maddi]
Yes.
[Annabelle] Keep your
fingers crossed you guys.
Keep a look out.
[wheel turning]
We did it.
[all laughing]
Let's make this fast, guys!
[Ghosts] * From Fiddler's
Green, for home to go *
* Just a whittling as he goes *
* From Fiddler's Green, for home to go *
[Maddi]
An apparition.
[Jake]
What?
[Maddi] The appearance of a person
whose not physically there. So cool.
[Jake] No, no, I think you mean freaky.
It's... freaky.
[Ghosts] * Woe The Ontario did roll.
Oh Woe, The Ontario did roll *
* Just a whittling as he goes *
[whoosh]
[Jake] That was a great show
and all, but where's the clue?
[Annabelle] I think that
the song is the clue.
[Jake] Then I should've been
paying better attention.
[Annabelle] Okay, wait.
Fiddler's Green we know about.
"For he was so young"...
talking about their baby,
but "whittling as he goes"?
"Heart as white as snow"?
[Maddi] Whittling: Carving something
from of wood, wax or soap...
[Jake] Or whale bone, right?
I mean, they're whalers.
[Annabelle] Heart as white as snow.
He was whittling the key.
A key as white as snow. The key
is made out of whale bone!
[Maddi] Let's go to the Athenaeum,
dig around, see if maybe we can find
something about whale bone.
[Jake]
What's the...
[mispronounces] Atheneum?
[Maddi] Athenaeum. The library. We
can see if the librarian can help.
[Jake]
You mean Athenarian.
[Maddi] Clearly I got the
brains in the family.
[Jake] And obviously I got the looks.
Right, Annabelle?
[Annabelle]
Right, Jake.
[Jake] But uh, seriously, I mean,
if we're looking for a whale bone,
shouldn't we just go to
the Whaling Museum?
I mean, it literally has
the word whale in it.
[Annabelle]
You are on a roll.
[Jake]
I have my moments.
[Annabelle]
I like it.
[Maddi]
Pretty impressive.
[Annabelle]
[whispers] Get down!
Okay, let's go!
All right you guys, let's
head back to my house.
We can get our bikes. Then we'll
head to the Whaling Museum.
[Meredith] Hey kids, there you are!
I was just wondering
what you were up to.
[Annabelle] Oh, we just
swung by to get our bikes.
[Meredith] Okay, well you just missed
two interesting men that stopped by.
[Annabelle]
Some men?
[Meredith] Yes, said they were
historians or something and wanted
a tour of the house.
[Annabelle]
You let strangers into our home?
[Meredith] Oh, give me a little
credit, Annabelle. Now, I stayed with
them the entire time and only
showed them the Keeping Room.
For some reason, once they got
inside the house, they only
wanted to see that one room but
they were really interested in
the pictures above the mantle.
[Annabelle] Wait, if Argyle and Tweed
didn't find the secret bookcase then
that means they didn't find
what they were looking for.
[Meredith]
Annabelle?
[Annabelle]
Yeah.
[Meredith] Somebody called the
house for you a girl named Phoebe?
She said she thinks she has
something that you might need...
[Annabelle]
Thanks, Mom.
[Meredith]
Have fun!
[Annabelle]
Something I need...
[uptempo whimsical music]
Okay, I'll meet you at
the Whaling Museum!
Hello?
Phoebe?
Prentice?
Anybody here?
It's Annabelle.
[Female voice] [distant
whispering] Annabelle...
[mumbling] This is when you turn around.
[Female voice] [distant
whispering] Annabelle...
[Lillian]
I knew you'd come.
[Annabelle]
[shaky] Lillian?
[Lillian] I tried to speak to you
at the home, but there never
seemed to be a good time.
[Annabelle] Is there ever really a
good time for that sort of thing?
[Lillian] This island it's haunted.
Not just by spirits, but by
the past itself... Yet the
two are joined forever.
[Annabelle]
Joined?
[Lillian] We cannot escape our time
unless a door is opened by somebody
between the waxing gibbous and
full moon. The full moon fades
in a matter of hours
but you can free us!
[Annabelle] We need the Eye of
the Storm.... and I found it.
[Lillian] That may be so but it
means nothing if you don't know
what it is...
[Annabelle]
What do you mean?
[Lillian] Its real power is not what
you imagine it to be and it was
not left for me to find.
I've been waiting for someone
like you for a very
long time, Annabelle.
[Annabelle] Wait, who was the
message in the bottle for?
[Phoebe]
Ohhh! Look, Mother! She's here!
[Prentice]
There you are!
For you, my dear.
[Phoebe]
You're gonna need it.
[Annabelle]
How did you...
[Prentice] Ah, we just know and
you'll know when you need it.
[Annabelle]
Thank you.
Wish me luck!
[Phoebe and Prentice]
Luck!
[Annabelle]
Oh, Billy! Why are you here?
We were supposed to meet at the museum.
[Billy] I wanted to make
sure you were okay.
[Annabelle]
You did?
[Billy] Of course. Uhmm,
did you find anything new?
[Annabelle] I did actually
but we can't talk here.
[Billy]
Let's go.
[Annabelle] Lillian confirmed that it's
what the Eye of the Storm does that's
most important. She has to be
freed by someone who wants to
free her. Not someone who
wants it for themselves.
[Billy] So... if someone else gets
their hands on the Eye of the Storm,
Lillian is stuck here? In this
time and dimension? This place?
[Annabelle]
Exactly.
She'll never be reunited
with Arthur and...
she'll always roam this island.
She'll never find peace.
We have to find that key, but
we're running out of time.
[mysterious music]
[Annabelle]
Hey.
[Maddi] Hey. We tried
the front, it's locked.
[Annabelle] Okay, well, there has to
be some sort of side entrance. Right?
[Maddi]
I guess.
[Annabelle] Come on, let's go. Okay
you guys, it might be dark in there,
so use the flashlights on
your phone. Jake, if you see
someone just say something,
okay? [Gasps] Oh!
Over here go, go, go! Shhh. Duck.
Okay, Einstein. You got us here.
Now figure out how to get us inside.
[Jake] Is breaking and
entering out of the question?
[Annabelle and Maddi]
Yes.
[Jake]
Then I've got nothing.
[Maddi]
Wait, where's Billy?
[Billy]
Come on in.
[Jake] I thought you said
breaking and entering
was out of the question!
[Annabelle]
How did get in there?
[Billy] I told you I could
do just about anything.
[ominous music]
[Jake]
Whoa...
[Annabelle] This is the first place that
my Dad and I came when we got here.
I can't believe it was right in
front of me the whole time.
[Billy]
Where do you think the key is?
[Maddi] We think we're looking for
a key made out of whale tooth
or whale bone. Let's
split up and have a look.
[Annabelle] Hey! Don't touch anything.
The last thing we need is to
break a priceless relic right about now.
[Jake]
Ow!
[ominous music]
[Annabelle] Okay, the key has to be
in here somewhere. Just keep looking.
[Annabelle V.O.] Wait. I took
pictures when I was here with my Dad.
Think, Annabelle, think.
[mumbling] 1846...
Maddi?
[Maddi]
Yeah?
[Annabelle]
What year did The Ontario crash?
[Maddi]
1830. Why?
[Annabelle] Lillian waited for 15 years.
Which means she must've
disappeared in 1845 but when
Arthur returned, she and the
baby were already gone. Could
his return have been in 1846?
[Maddi]
Yeah. It could've been.
[Annabelle] This has gotta be it...
Keep looking guys.
[mysterious music]
[victorious music]
[Annabelle] This is the key to
unlock The Eye of the Storm.
We have it.
[Tweed]
I should certainly hope so.
After all that.
[Jake]
Man, seriously?!
[Tweed]
Bravo, young lady!
Very cleverly done.
[Argyle]
Very clever, indeed, Mr. Tweed.
[Tweed] Though perhaps not as
clever as our employer's idea to
follow you... and let you
solve the puzzles for us.
[Annabelle] Your employer
is a deranged psychopath.
[Tweed] Very likely, but at
least we'll be paid handsomely.
As you know, that key is
all that stands between us
and untold treasures.
[Maddi] If you want the key,
you're going to have to
go through us to get it.
[Jake] Not me. I mean, at least,
not at the same time, like maybe
I could be an alternate?
Like sixth man off the bench.
That kinda deal I can go in to
give the starters a
breather. If need be...
[Tweed] Oh no, young man. This
is certainly a full team effort.
[Annabelle]
NOW!
[Argyle]
Get them!
[Annabelle]
Come on!
Let's go!
Come on you guys!
[Maddi]
Where's Billy?
[Annabelle]
He's not behind us?
[Maddi]
No.
[Annabelle] Okay. It's fine. He knows
this town. He'll be able to meet up
with us. Come on we have no time!
[Tweed]
After them, Mr. Argyle!
[tires screeching]
They're getting away!
[Argyle] The steering wheel is
on the wrong side of this car!
[Annabelle]
Jake, you're falling behind!
[Jake] Okay I lost my candy bar,
I don't know how to ride a bike
and we're getting chased by
people that want to kill us!
So give me a break!
[Maddi]
Stop complaining!
[Annabelle]
Come on you guys!
[Jake]
Ohhh, I hate my life.
[Tweed] There they are! Mr.
Argyle, step on it!
[Argyle]
Stop telling me how to drive!
[Tweed]
Cut them off!
[Annabelle]
Ahh! [Screams] Look out!
[Tweed] That's them, Mr.
Argyle, turn it around!
They're getting away!
Turn it around Mr...
[Argyle]
Move your cart! Out of the way!
[Tweed]
[yelling] What are you doing?!
[Argyle]
Move your blooming cart!
[Annabelle]
Make a left!
[Maddi]
We owe you one, Silas!
[Annabelle]
Dad!
[Meredith]
Hey, kids.
[Annabelle]
[inaudible]
[Billy]
Guys, this way.
[Annabelle]
Okay? Yes. Guys, come on!
Over here!
[Maddi] Annabelle, we have
to get back to the house.
What are you doing?
[Annabelle]
The boat!
[Jake]
The boat?
[Maddi]
Why the boat?
[Annabelle]
Just trust me, okay?
[Argyle]
There they are!
[Annabelle]
You guys good?
[Jake]
NO!
[Annabelle] I've got a plan. You two
keep an eye out for Argyle and Tweed.
Billy, come with me.
Okay. Thanks.
[piano music]
How long have you lived here?
[Billy]
Since the day I was born.
I've never been beyond
the waters of the island...
You think that's scary?
Wait till you see a ghost.
[Annabelle]
How do you know that?
[Billy] Everyone who lives here knows...
If I needed to, I can
do just about anything
even protect you.
[Prentice] The Ghosts of Nantucket
have ways of their own...
[Phoebe] and they never are
quite what you expect.
[Annabelle]
You're a... a ghost.
[Jake] There they come!
Come on! Go, go, go!
Guys, They're right behind us.
They're... They're here.
[Argyle] And now, if you'd all
be so kind as to "stick'em up,"
as they say in the movies.
[Tweed] You too, young lady! And please,
hand over that key! We have the...
Eye of the Storm to retrieve.
[Annabelle] You take one more
step towards me or my friends...
and I'm throwing the key into the ocean.
[Billy] Annabelle, if you do
that, my mother and I will never
be reunited with my father.
[Annabelle] But... you'll
get to stay here, with us.
Billy, with me.
[suspenseful music]
[Tweed]
NO!
[Argyle]
No! The ke... the ke...!
[Tweed]
Use your words!
[Argyle] The key is in the sea!
The key is in the sea!
[yelling]
We're not... Get it out!
[Tweed]
I've got to do everything!
[Annabelle] Come on!
Don't ask any questions!
[Jake]
I have a lot of questions!
[Annabelle]
Billy, run!
[Tweed]
Hurry up!
[Prentice]
There they are! Go get them!
[Phoebe] Those are the men
trying to take over our island!
[Tweed] No, now you can't take me!
I'm innocent, I tell you.
[Argyle]
We've got to get that key!
[Prentice]
Well hello, Mr. Plaid!
[Tweed]
That is Tweed, not Plaid!
[Argyle] It's all your fault. You
said Nantucket, I said Bermuda!
[Annabelle]
Ah... [sighs]
[Jake] What are you all smiley about?
I mean I can't believe we
went through all that work just
for you to find that key and
toss it into the ocean like that.
[Annabelle] You saw me
throw a key into the ocean...
[Jake]
Yeah...
[Annabelle]
...but not the real one.
[Maddi] Wait, where did
you get a fake one?
[Annabelle] Prentice and Phoebe
they knew that I needed it. And...
...it turns out I'm not the
only curious one in the family.
My dad also tried to solve this
same mystery when he was my age.
It was his journal. His clues.
I slipped him the real key
outside the theater.
[Burt]
How long have you known?
[Annabelle] A while. It didn't take
me too long to realize they were
your notes in the journal.
[Meredith] That's right. You're
handwriting has not changed much since
you were a little boy.
[laughing]
[Burt]
Ready?
[Annabelle]
Yeah....
[creaking]
[Burt] I can't believe
it was here all along.
[Annabelle]
Thanks, Dad.
[Jake] So, can somebody fill me in
on what's going on, cuz' I'm kinda
lost. I mean, I get
the key opens the panel.
But, what did you guys find?
The Eye of the Storm?
[Annabelle] The other
half of Lillian's locket.
[Billy] I believe it's only when
they're put together that they
become the Eye of the Storm.
[Meredith]
What is it?
[Billy] It's a picture of my father.
It belonged to my mother,
and then when she was gone,
it belonged to me.
[Jake]
Wait, a picture of what!?!
[Annabelle] This is what Lillian
gave to Captain Caulfield the day
that he left on The Ontario.
[Billy] She kept this half
as a reminder of their love.
[Maddi] "Your father was a sailor
man who left what he held dear..."
The message in the bottle
that was for you?
[Billy]
Yeah.
[Jake] Whoa, whoa. Back the truck
up, people! Okay, if that's a
picture of your parents and they
lived 200 years ago then that
definitely means that you...
are most definitely... a ghost?
Oh boy.
[Billy] My father somehow ended
up at Fiddler's Green and he
captured some of the magic
of the island in the locket.
It finally brought him home.
[Annabelle] So Billy left the island
to go in search of his father.
[Billy] I was 15 years old when I
left Nantucket, and I died in a
ship wreck not far off the shores...
I never found my father. Until now...
After all that time, after
all those years, you...
you finally found me.
[Annabelle]
And now...
Now I have to let you go.
Are you ready?
[Billy]
I'm ready.
[sparkling]
I'd like you all to meet my parents:
Arthur and Lillian Caulfield.
My name is William. William Caulfield.
[Lillian]
Thank you.
[Annabelle]
[whispering] Billy...
[Billy] To the end of
the world and back.
[Annabelle] To the end
of the world and back...
Back to Sailor's paradise.
Back to Fiddler's Green.
[piano music]
[sparkling chimes]
[Jake]
I kind of liked that kid.
He grew on me, at least.
You and I had some pretty good
teamwork back there at the...
Whaling Museum. It's like we
read each other's minds.
Pretty cool, huh?
[Annabelle] Yeah. That's pretty cool.
Mm, hmhmm. [Giggling]
[Jake]
Uhm... Here.
Billy gave me this to give
to you. He said he wanted
you to have it. So... there you go.
[Annabelle]
Thank you.
[Jake]
Don't mention it.
[Maddi]
Hey... Sorry, Romeo.
[Jake]
Is that really necessary?
[Maddi]
You'll get her one day.
[Burt]
You okay?
[Annabelle]
Yeah. I'm okay.
[Burt] I've gotta admit,
that that was pretty cool.
[Annabelle]
It was pretty cool.
[Burt] I'm so glad I didn't
solve the mystery before.
[Annabelle]
No? Why not?
[Burt] 'Cause it is a hundred
times better experiencing it with
you two... my sidekicks.
[laughing]
[Annabelle]
Dad...
I love you, guys.
[Burt]
Love you, too.
So, that should do it...
[Meredith] You know what? That
really was a lovely vacation.
[Burt]
I'm glad you liked it.
[Meredith] How could I not? And I knew
that you would. You said so yourself.
[Burt]
I can't believe you figured out...
[Meredith] Yep. You two aren't the
only curious ones in the family.
I put the book on the bookshelf
so that Annabelle could find it
and continue where you left off.
[Burt] So she could try to solve
the mystery that I never could.
Thank you.
[Maddi] So let's see. Solve a
200 year old mystery. Check.
Save a family doomed to be
separated for all of eternity.
Check. Save an island and
possibly all of humanity from
enslavement by a nefarious
criminal masterminds. Check.
I'd say not bad for one summer vacation.
What's wrong?
[Annabelle]
Just thinking...
[Maddi]
About what?
[Annabelle] When Billy first followed
Argyle and Tweed, he said he heard
them mention working for
someone called "The Curator."
[Maddi] The Curator? You mean
they weren't working alone?
[Annabelle]
Maybe not.
[Jake] I did think it was weird
that two guys like that could even
come up with a decent plan.
[Annabelle]
And if he does exist
he's still out there.
[Annabelle V.O.] The vacation might
be over, but the real story? Hmm...
Well, that's just begun...
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org